doc: fast_pair: Describe nRF54H20 support (#19269)
nrfconnect/sdk-nrf: doc/nrf/releases_and_maturity/releases/release-notes-changelog.rst

|no_changes_yet_note|

* :ref:`fast_pair_input_device` sample:

  * Added support for the :ref:`zephyr:nrf54h20dk_nrf54h20` board target.

> 

Author: This part I would also like to add to 2.9.0 release.

Author: https://github.com/nrfconnect/sdk-nrf/pull/19240#pullrequestreview-2489034546

Google Fast Pair integration
----------------------------

> * Added instruction on how to provision the Fast Pair data onto devices without the :ref:`partition_manager` support.
>   The :ref:`zephyr:nrf54h20dk_nrf54h20` board target is the only example of such device.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* Added instructions on how to provision the Fast Pair data onto devices without the :ref:`partition_manager` support, specifically for the :ref:`zephyr:nrf54h20dk_nrf54h20`.
```

  * Updated the :c:func:`bt_hogp_rep_read` function to forward the GATT read error code through the registered user callback.
    This ensures that API user is aware of the error.

> * :ref:`bt_fast_pair_readme` library:

Reviewer: the entries should be moved to the release notes PR, as it's already open

Reviewer 2: To this one https://github.com/nrfconnect/sdk-nrf/pull/19241, please.

Author: Yes, I want to get approves here and then I will move it to the release notes PR.

Reviewer 3: The https://github.com/nrfconnect/sdk-nrf/pull/19241 is merged now. Hence, we could keep this entry in the PR itself.

>   * Added support in build system for devices that do not support the :ref:`partition_manager`.

Reviewer 4: ```suggestion
  * Added support in build system for devices that do not support the :ref:`partition_manager`.
    The :ref:`zephyr:nrf54h20dk_nrf54h20` board target is the only example of such a device.
```

Author: I'd like to add this entry to NCS 2.9.0 release, because the support is already introduced in this release. @peknis, what is the process for that?

Reviewer 2: Remove the changelog entry from this PR and add it as a comment to https://github.com/nrfconnect/sdk-nrf/pull/19240, if this is going to 2.9.0 (not 2.9.0-nRF54H20).

Author: Done here: https://github.com/nrfconnect/sdk-nrf/pull/19240#pullrequestreview-2489034546.

> Google Fast Pair integration

Reviewer 4: My small observation:

We had this "Integrations" section in NCS 2.7 documentation but removed it for NCS 2.8.
It seems that it is back again. 

I think we should consistently use one solution. It may be confusing to the users to sometimes report these updates in the "Integrations" section and other times in the "Documentation" section.

Author: @divipillai, what should we do with that?

Reviewer 3: The process we follow is, While create the release notes PR, if there are no entries for a section, we remove that section. This could have been the case. But, the team can surely point to the correct sections the entries belong to (or add new sections) like we normally do for the Changelog file. 
In this case, I agree, we should keep updates in one place and would say the "Integrations" section would be apt.

Author: Okay, thanks~I'm leaving it as is then.

Reviewer 4: Maybe, I wasn't specific enough.

In NCS 2.7 we documented the changes to the Google Fast Pair integration guide as part of the Integrations section.

In NCS 2.8 we documented the changes to the same content (the Google Fast Pair integration guide) as part of the Documentation section.

----------------------------

> Added instruction on how to provision the Fast Pair data onto devices without the :ref:`partition_manager` support.

Reviewer 4: You can copy it also here:

```suggestion
* Added instruction on how to provision the Fast Pair data onto devices without the :ref:`partition_manager` support.
  The :ref:`zephyr:nrf54h20dk_nrf54h20` board target is the only example of such a device.
```
